Add example for ecs standalone task (#4104)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/docs-dev/user-guide/managing-application/defining-app-configuration/ecs.md

  Specific guide to configuring deployment for Amazon ECS application.
---

> To deploy an Amazon ECS application, `TaskDefinition` configuration file must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configuration for [ECS TaskDefinition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html) object and will be used by Piped agent while deploy your application/service to ECS cluster.
> 
> > To deploy your application to run continually or to place it behind a load balancer, You need to create [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html). `Service` configuration file also must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configuration for [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html) object.
> 
> There are two main ways to deploy an Amazon ECS application.
> - Your application is a one-time or periodic batch job.
>   - it's a standalone task.
>   - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition`
> - Your application is deployed to run continuously or behind a load balancer.
>   - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition` and `Service`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main ways to deploy an Amazon ECS application.
- Your application is a one-time or periodic batch job.
  - it's a standalone task.
  - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition`
- Your application is deployed to run continuously or behind a load balancer.
  - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition` and `Service`

To deploy an Amazon ECS application, the `TaskDefinition` configuration file must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configuration for [ECS TaskDefinition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html) object and will be used by Piped agent while deploying your application/service to the ECS cluster.

To deploy your application to run continuously or to place it behind a load balancer, You need to create [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html). The `Service` configuration file also must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configurations for [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html) object.
```
I think we can revert those blocks like this to make it easy to follow

Author: Yes, it's easier to understand when blocks are organized🙇
I'll rewrite it🚀

If you're not familiar with ECS, you can get examples for those files from [here](../../../../examples/#ecs-applications).

## Quick sync

By default, when the [pipeline](../../../configuration-reference/#ecs-application) was not specified, PipeCD triggers a quick sync deployment for the merged pull request.
Quick sync for an ECS deployment will roll out the new version and switch all traffic to it immediately.
> In case of standalone task, only Quick sync is supported.

> Here is an example of running standalone task:

Reviewer: How about using tab switchable to show configuration example for QuickSync in both standalone and application cases like this? 🤔 
https://pipecd.dev/docs/installation/install-piped/installing-on-kubernetes/#:~:text=syncInterval%3A%201m-,Installing%20by%20using,-Helm%20(3.8.0%20or

Author: That sounds great!🚀
I will try to use tab switchable.

  Specific guide to configuring deployment for Amazon ECS application.
---

There are two main ways to deploy an Amazon ECS application.
- Your application is a one-time or periodic batch job.
  - it's a standalone task.
  - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition`
- Your application is deployed to run continuously or behind a load balancer.
  - you need to prepare `TaskDefinition` and `Service`

To deploy an Amazon ECS application, the `TaskDefinition` configuration file must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configuration for [ECS TaskDefinition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html) object and will be used by Piped agent while deploying your application/service to the ECS cluster.

> To deploy your application to run continuously or to place it behind a load balancer, You need to create [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html). The `Service` configuration file also must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configurations for [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your application to run continuously or to place it behind a load balancer, You need to create [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html). The `Service` configuration file also must be located in the application directory. This file contains all configurations for [ECS Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs_services.html) object.

```
nits

spec:
  input:
    # Path to Service configuration file in Yaml/JSON format.

>     # Default is `service.json`

Reviewer: Could you also check other examples and remove this? I think this note exists in other places too 👀

Author: It was in other versions, but not in docs-dev!

![スクリーンショット 2023-01-06 14 33 22](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50762864/210937248-21d5592c-8a8d-45c9-a921-221a52ea3ea1.png)
